(orchestral music)
(music fades)
(dramatic music)
(splashing)
(indistinct howl)
(music fades)
(soft hissing)
(thuds)
(deep rumble)
(man humming. snapping fingers)
(birds cawing)
(continues humming)
(vehicle approaching)
(humming)
Trippin'.
P. Burg down by two.
Five seconds left on the buzzer.
They pass the ball to Lonnie J.
(pounding on bleacher seats)
- He shakes the defender...
- (basketball thumping on court)
...steps back to the 3-point
line and shoots...
- ...and swoosh!
- (buzzer)
(cheering and applause)
Buzzer beater! P. Burg wins!
(crowd cheering
and applause slowly fading)
(playful grunts)
(sharp exclamation)
- (vehicle approaching)
- Oh.
Oh!
(loud. upbeat music
on car radio)
Come on. get in!
Whoo! Ladies!
- (women giggle)
- Come on. now!
- (chuckles)
- (indistinct)
(Lonnie) God. you saved my life.
I don't know
what this song is.
but turn that shit up!
- (music playing louder)
- (girl) Whoo! (chuckles)
- Whoo!
- (girl screaming)
- (singers vocalizing)
- (girls cheering)
(new wave music
playing on speakers)
- Whoo.
- (girl) Oh. my God...
- (indistinct dialogues)
- (whooping)
Hey. he's got moves!
Come on. All right. all right.
Okay.
- (door closes)
- (girl 2) Oh! (chuckles)
Two six-packs...
...a bottle of Screwdriver...
...and a rolling paper.
- And a lollipop. (giggling)
- (Lonnie) And a lollipop.
And a lollipop.
(girls continue giggling)
- (girl 2) He is so hot!
- (door buzzes)
(doorbell chimes)
- (music continues)
- (girls giggling)
- (footsteps)
- (train whistling)
(music fades)
A'ight. Pop.
(ominous music)
(eerie music)
- (door handle rattling)
- (Lonnie) Nah.
- (pounding on door)
- Yo. yo!
- (bags thud)
- Nah! Nah!
(thudding and grunting)
(animal-like grunting)
(grunting continues)
(eerie rumble)
(squeaking)
(music fades)
(wet squelching)
(scale rattles)
(bag rustling)
(deep. eerie rumble)
(ominous music)
(eerie whoosh)
(table rattling)
(gagging)
- I thought you'd be dead by now.
- (whimpering)
(screaming)
(table rattling loudly)
(grunting and screaming)
Help!
- Well...
- (coughing)
...the fresher. the better.
(screaming)
- (handcuff clicks)
- (music fades)
(screaming)
(grunting)
Lights out.
(hip-hop music)
(thudding)
(rapid breathing)
(thud)
(muffled punching)
(grunting)
(music continues)
(indistinct conversation)
(officer) Lockdown tonight.
(indistinct dialogues)
(music continues)
Yeah. I'll see you
when you get back.
(officer speaking indistinctly)
...keep walking!
(door buzzes)
(gate rattling)
- (man) Joneson!
- (music fades)
(distant siren wailing)
(man)
You served three tours in Iraq.
decorated with a Purple Heart.
Medal of Valor.
Come home and get sentenced
to 2 years. assault and battery.
Assault and battery
for stopping my neighbor
from getting whipped on
by her drunk husband.
You put that man
in a coma. son.
You got another year for
breaking an inmate's jaw.
He was a bully.
And what are you.
some type of hero?
No. man. I'm far from that.
A'ight. On one page of your
file. it states you're smart.
Reading comprehension.
vocabulary. math
on a high level.
Another page. it says
you got a temper.
problems with anger management.
I've been working on that.
And thanks to overcrowded jails.
your last year of good behavior.
and. uh... your decorated
military service...
...let you out
with five years' parole.
So you're stuck here under my
supervision with no address.
(drawer closes)
I'ma have to send you
to a halfway house. (sighs)
What about Ohio?
I got family in Ohio. man.
I- Uh--
Here. I--
I don't got no one or n--
nowhere to go.
I fought for my country.
I don't belong in no cage.
- You know...
- (drawer closes)
I served a tour in Kuwait.
For most of us. it
wasn't easy coming home.
Some of us got lucky
getting in law enforcement.
Most of us ended up
on the street.
but that does not excuse
criminal activity.
It doesn't erase the fact
that you are an ex-convict.
But... I'll put in a request...
...for your transfer.
Until then...
...here's an address for you.
(police siren wailing)
- (traffic ambiance)
- (melancholic music)
(Joneson) Ain't this a place
for traumatized soldiers?
(Beem) Some people
are there for that.
Others are there because they
ain't got no place else to go.
The government already
wrote them off.
(men speaking indistinctly)
- (man 2) Anyone?
- (man) It's such a good thing.
- (man 2) Hey. you want one?
- (man 3) Yeah...
(sighs)
(woman) You know--
You know I have your back.
(indistinct) ...let me know.
And I'm always here for you.
- You know how it is. All right.
- (woman 2) Thank you.
- (woman) I'ma see you later.
- (woman 2) Okay.
(prison guard) Yeah. I'll see
you when you get back.
- (eerie rumble)
- (voice echoing)
(gunshots)
(explosion)
(eerie rumble)
(ambiance fades)
(sighs)
(indistinct dialogues)
(food court ambiance)
(bottle rattling)
(utensil scraping)
- (man) There you go.
- (man 2) Yeah.
(men talking indistinctly)
- (loud thud)
- Hey. yo!
Who left one spoon
of chocolate in the can?
(man) Dang...
- (man 2) He's tripping. huh?
- Huh?
Yo. why y'all ain't just
finish that shit?
(indistinct dialogues)
How am I supposed to make
chocolate with one spoon?
That shit is--
Come on. man.
- (man) He's gotta chill out.
- (Joneson) I'm tired of this shit. man.
(heavy thud)
(old man)
One spoon of chocolate
will change
your whole glass of milk.
- (spoon rattling)
- (old man) That's why they tell you.
They're scared of
the changes you make.
(soft. melancholic music)
(siren wailing)
(old man)
One spoon of chocolate
will change
your whole glass of milk.
(Joneson) "One morning.
I happened to turn over
the salt cellar at breakfast.
I reached for some of it
quick as I could...
...to throw over
my left shoulder
and keep off
the bad luck. but...
...Miss Watson was
in ahead of me.
crossed me off.
She says. 'Take your hands
away. Huckleberry.
What a mess you're always
making.'
The widow put in
a good word for me...
...but that wasn't gonna
keep off the bad luck."
(scoffs)
(inhales)
- Yeah. I'm done. kids.
- (book closes)
About to call it a night.
- (book thuds)
- (inhales)
Fist bumps.
(playful blowing sound)
Good night. good night. good night.
(sighs) There we go.
Go on. (chuckles)
(music continues)
(grunting)
(sighs)
Mr. Unique...
...you're pretty cool.
(Joneson makes playful blowing
sound) Thanks. dude.
(sighs)
(Beem) So. grab your things
and leave in the morning.
Yeah. I don't know. uh...
...what to say
or how to thank you. but--
(Beem) Now. you wanna thank me?
Use your brain. not your brawn.
Don't go out there and get
yourself into trouble.
'Cause they'd love to put you
so far up in those mountains.
even Jesus wouldn't visit you.
Trouble is...
...the last thing on my mind.
- Good.
- (zipper closes)
All right. P.O. Beem.
(Beem) Hey. Randy.
I pulled a few strings to
get that transfer for you.
I believe you got potential.
soldier. Don't let me down.
(door closes)
- (soft music)
- (woman) Pittsburgh. please.
(air brakes hissing)
Pittsburgh. please.
(ticket slides)
Must be a convention down there.
- Hm.
- (woman 2) Mm-hmm.
Pittsburgh. please.
(music continues)
Thanks.
One-way ticket to Ohio.
(man) ♪ Jesus Christ might've ♪
♪ Walked on water ♪
♪ Like Superman
Through the sky ♪
♪ Immigrant makes his way
Across the border ♪
♪ Hoping for a better life ♪
♪ But when he tries to
Find it. he's reminded ♪
♪ That dreams are born to die ♪
♪ His reality ♪
♪ Kills his fantasy ♪
♪ It's not
A comic book life ♪
(music stops)
(men talking indistinctly)
(snorts)
You want a bump?
Nah. I'm good.
Suit yourself.
(Joneson)
It's a cool song. though.
(man) Thanks.
(lighter flicks)
(indistinct conversations)
I see you're a reader.
And I got the perfect
book for you. my friend.
Take a look at that one.
A'ight. Thanks.
Now. I sell these for 50 bucks.
That's wholesale.
Do that copy for you for 25.
I'm the regional rep
for the company.
I got a big meeting in
Pittsburgh with a big client.
No. thank you.
(bus brakes squeal)
(driver) Pittsburgh!
(indistinct conversations)
(man 2) Yeah. take care.
Heading on to Ohio. huh?
I'ma make you a deal.
I'll give you a copy
of this book for free
if you'll hand out some
of my business cards
for me when you get to Ohio.
Fair exchange.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
This country would be
a whole lot better
if we all lived by that.
(soft guitar music)
(music fades)
(bus engine revving)
(bird cawing)
(eerie rumble)
- (dog barks)
- (sighs) Shit.
(distant train whistle)
Yeah.
- (man hisses) Cuzo!
- (Joneson chuckles)
- (Joneson) Oh. Ramz!
- (laughing)
- This is the word...
- This is the word. man.
- (Joneson) Made it up out of here.
- You look good.
I see you. Let me get
this. Come on.
- (Joneson) Yeah.
- (Ramsee) Yeah. Now. come on.
Let me show you your room.
(Joneson) Damn. It's been
a second. man.
(Ramsee) It has.
(Joneson) Jeez.
(smooth music)
Home sweet home. huh?
This used
to be Lonnie room. but...
...you know...
Put most of the stuff
in the garage.
I ain't really think you'd
mind the trophies too much.
Nah. nah. come on. cuz.
The trophies. that's--
- That's a good touch right there.
- (Ramsee) For sure.
I got you something else. too.
(Joneson) I was wondering
what this was.
like a little gift certificate
or something?
(Ramsee chuckles) Nah. it's more
like a welcome home gift.
A welcome home gift?
- (Ramsee) Yeah. cuzo.
- (paper rustling)
Let's see
what this is all about.
(soft music)
Yo. you-- you for real. Ramz?
Yeah.
- (Joneson) Yo!
- (hands clash)
(Ramsee) I got you.
- Yeah...
- (Joneson) Hold on. You put my
name on the deed?
(Ramsee) Yeah. man. Now you
always got a home address.
(both mutter indistinctly)
I don't even know
how to say thank you. man.
You ain't got to.
We family.
(kids' playful screams)
After Moms passed. me and Lonnie
just decided to...
...stay and take
care of the crib.
Yo. it's still hard to believe
cuz just died on the side
of the road like that.
Part of the puzzle is. they
ain't never find his jacket.
Finders keepers. man.
(both) To Lonnie.
(bottles clink)
What's up. Jones?
What y'all up to?
(Ramsee) Chill.
Just reminiscing.
My cousin Unique
I told you about.
Okay.
I see you got the whip on
dubs. though. now.
Motherfuckin' right. homie.
Hey. look. Consumer Reports say
this is the safest car
you could drive.
- (chuckles)
- Yeah. on an empty street.
(Ramsee laughs)
- Tell me later. though.
- I'll holler.
(engine rumbling)
- (video game audio on TV)
- (Joneson) Mmm.
Damn. son.
You must spend hours
on this shit.
Mm-hmm.
- (Joneson) Yeah. hey.
- (Ramsee) I'm on your ass!
(man. on video game)
That was just plain bad. / No. I--
- I can't beat this shit.
- (Ramsee) Ba! Ho-hooh!
Pick the controller back up.
You want to take it
to the court?
You know what I'm saying? We can
see who get the last laugh.
(both singing)
♪ I'm the one-man army. Ason ♪
♪ I never been tooken out
I keep MCs looking out ♪
♪ I drop science like girls be
Dropping babies ♪
♪ Enough to make
A nigga go crazy ♪
(chuckling)
(muffled music)
- (music stops)
- (Joneson) Yes. sir.
(doors close)
(birds cawing)
(playground ambiance)
Yeah. that's what I'm
talking about!
- (smooth hip-hop music)
- Check up.
I don't see how you play... ball
in them damn Timbs.
(Joneson) Yeah. This a nigga--
This is a New York thing.
We wear Timbs seven days a week.
365 a year. baby.
- (both grunting)
- Ah!
- Cross them! Cross them!
- (Ramsee) Still nothing! Still noth--
(Joneson yelling)
(screaming)
(both chuckle)
- Didn't I tell you that was all nothing?
- (chuckles)
Ooh... Like that.
Game. bitch.
Told you. cuzo.
- You cannot win...
- (Joneson) A'ight.
- ...wearing them damn Timbs.
(Ramsee)
It don't happen that way.
Hey. you got that.
- (somber music)
- What do we have here?
(ball bouncing)
Jesse. Paulie.
what's up buddies?
We ain't your fucking buddies.
What's the fucking rules
around here. Jonesy?
You tell us.
What's the rules around here?
Ain't no coons or
niggers allowed. boy.
What you say to me. white boy?
I got your nigga right here.
Oh. yeah. you fucking nigger?
What if I come over there
and I cut those
motherfuckers right off you?
(chuckles)
You know what. gentlemen?
- We don't want no problems.
- (dramatic. tense music)
I'ma walk over here.
I'ma get our ball.
We gon' split. a'ight?
Too late. coon. You got enough
trouble coming now.
Hey. hey! Whoa!
Hey. guys. Look...
My cousin not from here. a'ight?
He don't know the rules.
Chill out.
Since you are new around here...
...maybe we'll let y'all slide.
I'ma let you jigaboo
motherfuckers go this time.
but leave that fucking ball
for compensation.
(Paulie)
Heh. and them Jordans. too.
Yeah. the ball
plus those Jordans.
and don't let me catch y'all's
fucking asses
around here again.
not gon' be the same story.
We can agree not to come
back here...
...but this is a
community center...
...open to the public.
paid for by taxpayers.
Ain't gon' be no compensation.
You don't think
I know what that fucking
sign says. nigga?
Leave the goddamn
ball in your hands
or the ones down
your fucking pants!
You pick. nigga!
- (grunting)
- Hold on!
(grunting)
(thuds)
(grunts)
(punches landing)
(Ramsee) Yeah. cuzo!
(grunting)
(shouting indistinctly)
(Jessie) Get up. man. Get up.
(groaning)
- (grunts)
- (Ramsee) Come on!
I'm gonna get you nigger fucks!
- Fuck!
- (Paulie) You all right?
Get the fuck up!
We're gonna get Jimmy!
- (grunting)
- (thuds)
You hit him.
(grunts)
- (baseball bat thuds)
- That way...
...you don't damage your goods.
(man) Nice. bro.
(splashing)
That's why Jimmy's
the fucking king!
(lighter flicks)
(door opens)
What the fuck happened
to y'all bitches?
(water sloshing)
Jesse. Let me see it.
(Jesse groans)
- (bone cracks)
- Yeah. that's definitely broken.
- (screams)
- (Jesse sighs)
- Who the fuck did this?
It was Joneson from that
fucking Black basketball team.
Man. he had this
militant-ass nigger
I've never seen before.
irking him on. and shit.
Get Jesse fixed up.
We're gonna find these
fucking idiots.
Fucking now!
(pounding on door)
(Joneson) Yo. who is that. bro?
I don't know.
Just get the door. man.
Yeah...
(chuckling)
(woman) Is Ramsee in?
- (video game audio on TV)
- Oh. uh-uh-uh-uh.
- It is 5 p.m.. boy.
- Baby!
You supposed to be taking
me to Daddio's
for all-you-can-eat
chicken wings.
Baby. c-- watch out! I'm winning
right now.
(man on video game)
Up two thirds.
(clears throat)
This is my girl Aretha.
That's her friend Darla.
This is my cousin Unique.
- Nice to meet you.
- (Aretha) Nice to meet you.
Pleasure's mine.
I promised Aretha
I'd take her out to dinner...
And it's after I finish this
round of this game. Please.
Do you want to be cuddling
with that damn joystick
tonight. or...
...do you want
to cuddle with me?
(Joneson)
Oh. that's how y'all doing it?
This is normal? This what--
- Where'd you get that from?
- (chuckles) From her mom.
Her mom is a freak like that?
- No. From her mom's job.
- (Aretha) Oh!
(Ramsee) No. no. Her mama
- is a freak like that. though.
- (Aretha) Oh!
She got her daddy whipped.
- Just like I got you.
- (Ramsee) Baby...
- Baby...
- Are we gonna go?
- (Joneson) Where her mama work at?
- Or am I going home?
- (Darla) Uh. a hospital.
- All right. No. All right.
You gonna let me
freshen up first?
- Okay. (chuckles)
- Mm-hmm.
Is it like this all the time?
Oh. yeah.
Yeah. you get--
you get used to it.
Sounds like you
need some help.
(Ramsee) Come on.
lover boy. go get fresh.
(clinking)
(man) Open it up!
(man 2) Yeah... (indistinct)
- (men thumping on truck)
- (engine starts)
(indistinct)
(man whooping)
(smooth music playing)
(restaurant ambiance)
(waitress) All right. all right.
I got four milkshakes
right here for y'all.
- Thank you. thank you.
- Excuse me.
- Pardon my reach. For you.
- Mm-hmm.
And last but not least.
Can I get you guys
anything else?
You can get us
a different waitress.
(scoffs)
(chuckles)
What you-- A'ight.
(laughter)
Another rude-ass table.
I swear.
I can't wait to quit this job.
(radio blaring rock music)
Fuck. His car's not here. man.
They not home.
Wastin' my fucking
time. Jesse.
Nah. I know
where the fuck they at.
They love that Friday
fried chicken special.
(engine rumbling)
(music fades)
(laughter)
(indistinct conversation)
- (Ramsee) That's crazy.
- (Aretha) Yeah. yeah.
(laughter)
(vehicle approaching)
(somber music)
(doorbell jingling)
(man) You're supposed to get
married now.
(indistinct conversations)
- (smash)
- (gasping)
What the fuck you guys want?
Where the fuck is Jonesy?
Man. I don't know!
I haven't seen him!
These ain't even the right
fucking niggers. man.
- Coon's a coon.
- (man) Chill out.
Hey. what-- what the fuck y'all
got with us?
- (man 2) Shut the fuck up!
- Hey. bro.
Quiet! When you see Jonesy.
- give him this message.
- Hey!
Hey. hold on bro!
Now. wait. bro!
- (man) Chill!
- (man 3) Stop doing it. bro!
- (screams)
- (Jesse) Shut the fuck up!
Didn't I say shut the fuck up?
- (thud)
- (grunts)
- Shut the fuck up!
- (man) Hey. what the fuck?
(Jesse) Shut the fuck up!
(man crying)
(man screaming)
- (gasps)
- (platter crashes)
(music fading)
- (Darla) Wow!
- (Joneson) Hey. now...
Yeah. you can carry the bag.
- (door buzzes. chimes)
- Yo...
- Ah...
- (chuckles)
(country music playing)
(door buzzes. chimes)
(door closes)
(scoffs)
Mr. Pologo. you don't
have any other kind of music?
Hey. it's my store.
I play what I want to play.
You want that
hippity-hop-hop shit.
then go down to
Daddio's or something.
"...Ohio leads the state
in successful organ--"
It's just 50 cent. boy.
Yeah. Yeah. Um. I was actually
wondering about that sign
in the window.
Yeah? What about it?
"Help wanted."
I know what it says. I wrote it.
I happen to be looking
for a job. (chuckles)
Well. you keep looking.
(objects thud)
- (sighs) Come on. boy!
- I'm coming.
Uh. now I'm gonna need
to see some ID.
Come on. Mr. P.
We was just in here last week.
and you still need to see ID?
(Pologo) Boy. you can come in
here every minute.
every day of the week.
and I still gotta ask you
- to show me ID.
- (bottle thuds)
Well. I do have ID.
Yes. you do.
(bottles clink)
Yeah. Thank you.
(door chimes)
We about to get fucked. Yes.
Hey. Mr. P..
you got some condoms?
- What kind?
- (Ramsee) Trojans.
L-- Let me get the mags.
- There you go.
- Yeah.
On the house.
- (thumps counter)
- Mr. P.!
- Yeah.
- (Ramsee chuckles)
- What you want. boy?
- (door closes)
Hand these out to some of
your customers. a'ight?
(distant train whistle)
(Joneson) Oh. how nice are you?
(Ramsee) Bro-nique.
(Aretha mutters indistinctly)
(funk music playing)
Hey. hey. hey!
Nah. No sipping in the whip.
- Baby.
- You know what's up.
Come on. One sip before
you pull away.
No sippin' in the ride.
- Mm...
- You know--
One sip of the liquor...
...get me in the mood quicker.
(all chuckle)
(mutters indistinctly)
(liquid glugging)
(gulps)
(contained chuckle)
(grimaces)
- (chuckles)
- (liquid glugging)
- (disgusted groan)
- (Aretha chuckles)
Mm-mm.
- Nope.
- Not the time. No.
(chuckles)
Hey! No! Hey.
You just said one sip.
- Chill out. you don't-- You do--
- One more!
- One!
- No...
Baby. just chill.
Just chill.
- (smash)
- (Joneson) Oh! What the--
(somber music)
(Aretha groans)
What the fuck?
- (smash)
- (Darla screaming)
- (women screaming)
- Who's doing it?
(banging and pounding.
glass breaking)
(all screaming)
- (glass breaks)
- Come on. motherfuckers!
(screaming continues)
Yo! Fucking drive. Ramz.
- (smash)
- (Ramsee) Oh. fuck!
- Drive!
- Ramsee drive!
- (screaming)
- (engine revving)
- (crash)
- (tires screeching)
Go. go. go. go. go.
go. go. go!
- (Darla screaming)
- (Aretha) What the f--
- Oh!
- (loud thud)
Yo. what the fuck was that?
I don't know!
(tires screech)
(suspenseful music)
- (sighs)
- (Darla) Oh. my God.
Who the fuck was that?
Jimmy and them.
They probably want revenge
for that fucking scuffle
at the rec center.
Scuffle? What scuffle?
They almost tried to kill us
out there!
We need to go--
We need to call the cops.
(Ramsee) Call the cops?
The sheriff
is Jimmy's dad. Darla!
Right. Yeah. I know. I know.
(Joneson)
That's the sheriff's son?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. He gets away with
whatever the fuck he wants.
Shit. They just wanted
revenge. yo.
(music continues)
Definitely get that shit.
And my fucking car.
So it's over then. right?
Yeah. yeah.
Right?
Yeah. it's over.
(sirens approaching)
(door closes)
(dramatic music)
Jimmy. What's going on around
here tonight?
It was a hit-and-run.
You get the make and license?
Yeah. It's the fucking coon
Ramsee Joneson.
Hey! How did this happen?
We were outside Pologo's...
(pounding and thumping.
glass breaking)
(screaming)
This car just came right at us.
(crash)
We moved out the way.
- (loud thud)
- (tires screeching)
- Yo. what the fuck was that?
- I don't know.
But they mowed Josh down.
- (crying)
- (indistinct)
(crying. grunting)
Just kept fucking going.
Listen. Mrs. Bern. we're
gonna get you justice
- on this. all right?
- (cries) Okay.
Are you sure it was Joneson?
That boy never causes
any trouble.
- Yeah. I'm sure.
- (Jesse) Yeah. it was.
You don't think we know that
fucking hooptie?
(sheriff) Susky. why don't you
take a couple
of patrol cars and go
to Joneson's house
and bring him back
to the station?
(Susky) Yes. sir.
Jesse. sit down.
Now. ma'am. I'm terribly sorry.
What did y'all...
(indistinct conversations)
(music increases. then halts)
(suspenseful music)
Hey. I. uh--
I gotta go home.
Okay. I'm gonna
stay here with Ramsee.
Okay.
(Joneson) You want me
to call you a car?
No. that's-- that's okay.
I live just a little ways
away across town and...
...I could use a walk
in fresh air.
I could walk you home.
Be careful. cuzo.
- (scissors snip)
- Ow! Hey. man.
- (scissors thud)
- (door closes)
All done.
This shit hurt. but thank you.
- Oh! Stop!
- All right. my bad.
Let me go get you
some Neosporin.
(Aretha sighs)
(smacks lips)
That'll do fine.
(hisses)
Cousin Ramsee
is the closest family I have.
(Darla) He's a good guy.
I'm glad him and Aretha
- are together.
- (sirens approaching)
(sensual music)
(inaudible)
(bed squeaking)
- (moans softly)
- (Ramsee grunting)
(sirens wailing)
Yes. Yes.
(tires screeching)
(police radio chatter)
(moaning)
- (door bashes open)
- Yes!
- Freeze!
- (Aretha screams)
- What the fuck? (grunting)
- (screams)
(moaning. grunting)
All right. stud.
Get your clothes on.
You're coming with us.
Both of you.
(suspenseful music)
(Ramsee)
Why y'all fucking with us?
(man on radio) Copy that.
our ETA five to seven...
(Aretha) What's happen-- yo--
- You're hurting me!
- (Ramsee) Hey!
- Get in the car.
- (Ramsee) Shit!
Get in the fucking car!
(door closes)
(indistinct)
(Aretha screams)
(gasps)
(Aretha complains)
- Oh. shit.
- (engine revving)
(music fades)
Um. Thank you
for walking me home.
Oh. yes. (stutters)
It's my pleasure.
(both chuckle)
I better get inside.
Maybe I can come by
and see you sometime?
Only if you promise to be good.
I'll be better than good.
(woman)
Darla. is that you out there?
Yeah. Mom.
I'll be inside in a second.
(TV playing in the background)
(chuckles)
(Joneson) Oh. nah.
you pulled out the lipstick.
- Well. do you have a pen? Okay.
- (Joneson) Nah. it's cool points.
- You got it. This is perfect.
- All right.
Yeah.
Um. call me when you get home.
just...
...you know.
just so I know you're safe.
- Safe? I'll be safe.
- (Darla) Mm-hmm.
- I mean it. call me.
- (Joneson) All right.
- Good night.
- (Joneson) Good night.
(door closes)
(inhales)
(suspenseful music)
(vehicle approaching)
(engine revving)
It's him.
(Paulie) Where the fuck
you going. coon?
(Jesse) Hey. coonie boy.
What's up. motherfucker?
Get that motherfucker!
Hey. get that nigga!
(Paulie) What the--
Black piece of shit!
(bats hitting the ground)
(engine revving)
(suspenseful music increases)
(man shouting indistinctly)
You got nowhere to go. boy!
(panting)
(man) You better run. nigger!
(engine revving)
(panting)
Hey!
(grunting)
(thud)
(music continues)
(horn honking repeatedly)
(man 2) Yo! Hop in. hop in.
Come on! Hop in.
(tires screeching)
- (engine revving)
- (lighter flicks)
You shouldn't be smoking
and driving. D.
Shit. That's the only way
to drive.
(engines revving)
(man) Knock 'em both!
(banging on car)
Motherfuckers fucking with
my paint job!
(bang. tires squeal)
(both grunt)
Whoa!
(man shouting indistinctly)
(men continue shouting
indistinctly)
(man) Ah!
I'ma catch me a nigga. boy!
(engines revving)
(man) Yeah. Jimmy!
Bring him to us.
Yo. watch out!
- (both) Whoa!
- (crash)
- (glass shattering)
- (grunts)
Whoo!
(crash)
(cheering and thumping truck)
(cheering continues)
(flames roaring)
See that. boys?
That's money
going up in smoke.
Now. let's get the fuck
out of here.
Burn. motherfuckers!
(suspenseful music)
(flames crackling)
(glass crunching)
(grunting)
(groans)
(sighs)
(music fades)
- (explosions)
- Oh!
(Dap) Fuck!
(sighs)
My ride...
(music continues)
- (coughing)
- (phone ringing)
(Ramsee) Yo. this is Ramz.
- Leave a message.
- (phone beeps)
- (hangs up phone)
- (sighs)
(dialing)
(line ringing)
- (dog barking in distance)
- (engine turns off)
(Joneson grunting)
We're gonna go in
through the back.
(door creaks)
(Darla sighs)
(switch clicks)
- You got it? Okay.
- (Joneson) Mm-hmm.
(bottle pops open)
My dad and I used to
hide in here...
(sighs) ...from my mom.
We still do sometimes.
(springs creaking)
(grunts) Yeah.
Heater doesn't work.
and it gets cold.
so I'll get. um.
some blankets.
and I-- I'll check on
Aretha and Ramsee and see what's
going on.
(sighs) Okay.
(door closes)
(music continues)
- (laughing)
- (TV playing)
(door creaks)
- Hi. Mom.
- Dar.
(laughing)
(sighs)
(applause on TV)
- (remote control clicks)
- (reporter) The suspects
crashed into a container
and then mowed over.
local resident Josh Bern
in what is being described as a
blatant DWI and
attempted manslaughter.
Sir. what is your name?
Uh. Pologo.
Mr. Pologo. tell me a little
bit about what you saw here
this evening at the store.
(Pologo) Well.
it was quite a night.
We had three Black kids.
I mean. they come in here
all the time. trying to
buy booze. no ID.
Nothing but trouble these
kids--
- Darla. isn't that Aretha?
- (door closes)
What happened tonight is just
par for the course for things
that are going wrong
in this town.
and in this country. damn it.
We are being overrun.
(reporter) Well. two suspects
are already in custody.
Now. police are still looking
for another unidentified male
suspect that was said to have
been in the vehicle as well.
- Where's our daughter?
- (indistinct radio chatter)
Damn it! Where is our daughter?
All right. now.
Calm down here. now.
Calm down? We wanna
see our daughter right now.
Look. your daughter
is in our custody.
Now. she ain't no minor. so she
has to stand on her own accord.
Look. our daughter ain't
do nothing wrong.
Her and the Joneson boy
been charged with
DWI and vehicle assault.
Now they gonna go down
and see a judge in the morning.
and it ain't nothing
y'all can do about it.
Okay. well.
we wanna bail her out.
We have the right to bail
her out.
They're gonna post
bail in the morning.
Now. I suggest you both go
back into your warm beds.
unless you want to spend
the night here with her
in one of my cold cells.
You can't stop us from bailing--
Boy. don't go on ramping about
what I can or what I cannot do!
You know my forte. Lindsey.
I'm the law around here.
and I ain't in the mood for
your shucking.
Come on.
(Ramsee) Yo. this is Ramz.
Leave a message.
(suspenseful music)
(book rustling)
(music turns dramatic)
(music fades)
(door buzzing)
- (phone ringing in background)
- (Mr. Lindsey) There she is.
Mom. I'm so sorry.
Oh. it's all right. baby girl.
Darla told us everything.
And you ain't commit no crime.
Except for drinking alcohol
with that Joneson boy.
- (Aretha) Oh. God...
- (Mr. Lindsey) Mmm...
Now. you know. your mama and
I put up our life savings to
get your little ass up out
of here. huh?
(scoffs) Sweetheart.
we can make that back.
Our baby girl is worth
two life savings.
(sighs)
All right. come on.
Let's go home and get you
cleaned up.
You smell like a drunk
stripper.
I can't--
(Aretha) But. Dad.
what about Ramsee?
He doesn't even
have any parents!
Listen. baby girl. we have
to look after our family.
I'm sure he got some
damn family
that's gonna look after him.
(grunting loudly)
(somber music)
They're looking for you.
You gonna turn yourself in?
(Joneson) Um.
that's--that's not
gonna work for me.
I gotta get Ramsee out.
How are you gonna do that?
I don't know.
(door buzzing. then clangs)
(sighs)
I'm sorry I got you into this.
Nah. it ain't your fault.
This town's
just upside-down. baby.
How can we help?
Look. my court date
is in two months. a'ight?
I just need to bail out of here
and drop. like.
five on a lawyer.
Where you gonna get the money?
The house.
(Darla) You're not gonna be able
to sell your house that fast.
Look. I'ma just sign it
over to the bail bondsman
as collateral.
and then Unique has to
just sign it in person.
It'll work out.
(Ramsee scribbling)
(telephone ringing
in background)
Now. Darla.
make sure that you take Unique
down there so he can sign it
in person tomorrow.
Please. That's the only
way that this shit can work.
And you...
...shaved legs...
...handcuffs...
...the rest of the lube.
And I need you to be oiled up.
You feel me? Two days.
So we can get back to work.
All right?
(Aretha whispering) Ramsee.
(country music)
(pen thuds)
(coughing)
Yeah.
- (door rings)
- (coughing)
Hey. uh. what can I do you for?
We're here to post bail for Ramsee Joneson.
(music stops)
(man) The boy's bail is
set at 50.000.
You're gonna need 5K
at least in cash.
We wanna use this as collateral.
(paper rustling)
Now. if you sign this over to
me. and I post the cash bond.
and that Joneson boy don't
show up to his court date.
you lose the house.
Yeah. we know that.
I wasn't talking to you. Missy.
I'm talking to the gentleman
who needs to do the signing.
So why don't you just have
a seat right over there?
I understand.
Now. you're just gonna need to
sign that.
and I need your ID.
(light thud)
Take the damn hood off. boy.
Betty Sue.
let's notarize this thing.
(scribbling)
I'm gonna need your
fingerprint right here.
No. no. Just your thumb.
- You have strong hands.
- (chuckles)
What are you trying to do.
give the boy
a manicure or something?
Just take his prints
and get on with it.
- (stamp thuds)
- (train horn blaring)
No. I cou-- No I couldn't--
I couldn't hear you.
Um. could you repeat that?
I've accepted your house
as collateral.
- and your bond has been posted.
- (distant train horn)
I also got them to let your
car out of the impound.
Hey. Thank you. Mr. Beefkake.
That's so great.
Thank you so much.
No need to thank me.
This is business. boy.
Uh. by the way. now.
I am gonna need
another signature from you.
So I'm gonna come
pick you up at County
and take
you down to the impound.
Okay. Yeah. yeah.
Thank you. Yes. sir.
I mean. uh. yes. sir. or. uh...
I-- I got it. I got it.
- (call disconnects)
- Yeah.
(hangs up phone)
(exhales)
(mutters) Yeah!
(hip-hop music)
(door closes)
(vehicle door opens)
Hop in.
(door closes)
(music continues)
- (door closes)
- (music stops)
Just. uh. sign here
and we are all done.
(paper rustles)
Oh. yeah. um...
...still have
to get it notarized. right?
(Mr. Beefkake) Of course we do.
What do you think
Betty Sue is here for
- a joyride?
- Ooh. shit.
- (chuckles) Wow.
- I'm sorry.
- Mm-hmm.
- Hey.
I'm going to need
your fingerprint
right here.
(distant railroad crossing
bell clanging)
You have strong hands.
(chuckles)
- (blues music)
- (paper rustles)
Okay.
Get that back to the office
and. uh.
- I'll meet you in an hour.
- (Betty Sue) Okay. See you later.
See ya.
(door opens)
(engine turns on)
You ready?
- Thank you again.
- (door closes)
(engine turns off)
(music fades)
(crickets chirping)
(Ramsee) Hey. man. they closed.
You mind giving me a ride
back to my house?
(Mr. Beefkake)
I'm not your chauffeur. boy.
Besides. they
don't close till 11.
Old Tom Susky's probably
just went on a shit break.
(engine turns over)
(vehicle departing)
(Ramsee) Yo. I'm here to pick up
my vehicle!
Hey. yo. Susky. you in there?
(distant train horn)
(sighs)
- (gate unlocking)
- Fuck.
(electric gate whirring)
(distant train horn)
Damn. baby.
- They beat you bad.
- (gate closing)
But you're still
a diamond to me. though.
(ominous music)
(truck door closes)
(Jesse) Welcome home.
(thudding)
(Ramsee coughing)
(groans)
(music continues)
You know you paralyzed
Josh. right?
I'm sorry.
(Jesse) Don't worry. We're
gonna. uh--
we're gonna do you way worse...
...buddy.
- It was only--
- (Jesse spits)
It was only an accident.
Yeah?
Well...
...this is intentional.
(thuds)
(shouting)
- (bat clangs)
- (sighs)
Scoop this nigger up.
(music continues)
(wet squelching)
(eerie rumble)
(music turns somber)
(music continues)
(loud crash)
- (rattling)
- (horn blaring)
(sound fades)
(distant train horn)
Dr. Murphy.
the bruises on this body
couldn't have been obtained
by no car accident.
Nurse Lindsey...
...when you become a doctor...
...when you complete
your eight years of study
to be awarded a certificate
like the ones you see
on the wall there...
...you can give us a diagnosis.
Until then. if you wanna
keep your job...
...sign the damn paper.
(scribbling)
Thank you.
Sir.
Now get the body covered up
and have the orderlies
transport
him down to the morgue.
I'm going to go enjoy
my breakfast.
Yes. sir.
(melancholic music playing)
(camera clicks. photo ejects)
(sighing) God...
(sniffles)
(music continues)
(sobbing)
(sobs) Baby why?
I know. I know. sweetie. I know.
I know it hurts.
and I'm so sorry.
- (crying)
- I'm so sorry.
(music continues)
(sobbing)
(whispers) I know.
Okay. come on.
(continues crying)
- (music stops)
- (drill whirring)
(knock on door)
Can I come in?
- (Darla) Mr. Lindsey. Yeah.
- (drill whirring)
Um. how can I help you?
Oh. I didn't
come here to see you.
(louder) Came to talk to Randy.
Can you give us
a minute. please?
Sir.
(door closes)
You Aretha's dad?
Yes. I am.
I'm also the mortician here.
Randy...
I'm sorry. but Ramsee is dead.
(shaky breathing) Mm.
(groaning)
How?
Why?
Drinking and driving.
He ran his car off the road.
- Drinking and driving?
- (Mr. Lindsey) Mm-hmm.
My cousin's not the type.
Yeah. that's what
the coroner report states.
Hey.
You all right? It's okay.
- (Joneson's breathing shakily)
- (soft thud)
Hey. uh...
Randy. I gotta come
clean with you.
Those bruises didn't look like
they came from a car accident.
(breathing heavily)
What you saying?
It looked like that man
was beaten to death.
And when I embalmed the body...
...all the major organs
were missing.
I'm talking heart. liver.
kidney. you name it.
Now. why...
...would his organs be missing?
I don't know.
But I'm telling you this
because if you want to live.
I suggest you leave
this town immediately.
(Joneson grunts)
I came to Ohio 'cause I have
nowhere else to go. man.
You can stand here...
...or you can leave.
Or I can stand here and fight
for what's mine.
Fight?
Fight who?
Fight what?
What-- What. what? The system?
Fight for what's right.
Let me tell you something.
young man.
Might is right.
No. man.
This system is a giant.
David slew a giant
with a goddamn slingshot.
David wasn't an ex-con fugitive
with no family and no support.
and no money.
(inhales)
I know this hurts. son.
- I do.
- (cash rustling)
Take this money...
...and I want you to go
and get a bus ticket.
I suggest that you get
your black ass on it and
get the fuck up outta here.
Do you understand me?
(breathing shakily)
(door opens. closes)
Yeah. is this
Parole Officer Ronald Beem?
This is he.
Yeah. I'm looking for
one of your parolees.
Well. I got a lot of those.
so which one in particular?
Randy Joneson.
He's a wanted suspect.
Vehicle assault
and attempted murder.
He's been on the lam for
a couple of weeks somewhere.
I understand he's on parole
and assigned to your office.
Uh. yeah. that's correct.
but I transferred his case
to Officer Thomas
in the Liverpool office.
Well. while that's
underway. he's still
under your supervision. right?
- Correct.
- When was the last time you
heard from Mr. Joneson?
- Uh... couple weeks ago.
- Based on his case.
he can't go but a week
without reportin' in.
Sounds like someone ain't
on their job. Mr. Beem.
What's that supposed to mean?
You city liberals
treat your criminals too kindly.
that's what it means.
Here in Karensville.
we keep an
ankle strap on our parolees so
we know their location
at all times. Now. your boy.
he come in here and he
stirred up a lotta shit.
and I suggest your office come
down here and help us
find him so he can come in
and face his charges!
(slams phone)
Motherfuckin' liberals.
I can't take this shit.
(Jimmy)
Do you think he left town?
Hope he didn't.
(Mr. Beefkake)
Now. what's it matter?
'Cause it's his word
against yours.
Nobody's gonna believe
a nigger ex-convict
over a pure-blood.
good old American citizen.
Brutus. shut the fuck up.
Now. listen...
...this personal shit
you got going on
with this Joneson boy
is bad for business.
What do you mean.
bad for business?
We just brought in
another half mil.
Boy. you get your good looks
and strength
from my side of the family.
but you get your brains
from your mama's side.
and like your mama.
the older you get.
the dumber you get.
- (suspenseful music)
- Now. this
fugitive Joneson boy
is what we call
a leaky fuckin' faucet.
and it's up to you boys to
tighten it up.
- (hangs up phone)
- (dial tone on speaker)
Hello?
Where's my fucking lighter?
(grunts)
Susky. Colt.
go knock on some doors.
talk to some more people.
Brutus. make sure Betty Sue
posts something
in the paper tomorrow.
Jimmy. you round up all
your boys. and you go down
and put some pressure
on all those young folks
down around Sixth Street.
Whatever you say.
(drawer opens. slams shut)
We need to nip this
in the fuckin' bud.
(music continues)
Yo!
Y'all seen that. uh. new
Joneson nigga around here?
Calls himself Unique.
(indistinct chatter in
background)
(hip-hop music playing on
speakers)
Jimmy. Jimmy. Jimmy.
Didn't we fry
that fuckin' nigga?
- (music stops)
- (distant dog barking)
'Sup. my niggas?
Wanna buy some weed?
(Jimmy chuckles)
- Nah.
- (lighter flicks)
Contrary to popular opinion.
smoke too much of that.
shit'll kill you.
(grunting)
(You're Nobody (Til Somebody Kills You)
by The Notorious B.I.G. plays)
- ♪ Niggas in my faction ♪
- (drilling)
♪ Don't like asking questions ♪
♪ Strictly gun-testing
Coke-measuring ♪
♪ Giving pleasure
In the Benz-ito ♪
♪ Hitting fannies. spending
Chips at Manny's ♪
♪ Hope you creeps
Got receipts ♪
♪ My peeps get dirty
Like cleats ♪
♪ Run up in your crib
Wrap you in your Polo sheets ♪
♪ Six-up in your wig piece
Nigga decease ♪
- (grunts)
- ♪ Muah. may you Rest in peace ♪
♪ With my sycamore style ♪
♪ More sicker than yours
Four-four and fifty-four draw ♪
♪ As my pilot. steers my
Lear; yes. my dear ♪
♪ Shit's official
Only the Feds I fear ♪
♪ Here's a tissue
Stop your blood clot crying ♪
♪ The kids. the dog
Everybody dying. no lying ♪
♪ So don't you get
Suspicious ♪
♪ I'm big dangerous.
You're just a little vicious ♪
♪ As I leave my competition
Respirator style ♪
♪ Climb the ladder to success
Escalator style ♪
♪ Hold y'all breath
I told y'all ♪
♪ Death controls y'all
Big don't fold. y'all. uh ♪
♪ I spit phrases that'll
Thrill you ♪
♪ You're nobody
Till somebody kills you ♪
♪ You're nobody ♪
♪ Till somebody ♪
♪ Kills you ♪
(sirens approaching)
(rock music)
(people cheering)
(snorting)
(sirens blaring)
(suspenseful music)
- (cocking gun)
- (rock music playing)
- (gunshot)
- Yeah!
(Jimmy) Fuck. yeah!
Reinforcements have arrived.
(cheering)
- Yeah!
- These pistols are nice.
(music continues)
Who's ready to have a party!
- (people whooping)
- Yee-ha!
(motorboating)
- (music stops)
- (buzzing)
(door closes)
- Hey.
- (Darla) Hi.
Um.
bus leaves at...10 a.m.
Make sure you're on it
'cause there won't be
another one for a week.
Um...
...everyone will be in church.
so... you should be able
to slip out unnoticed.
Just in case. I...
...got you this.
Hmm.
Thank you.
For everything. really.
I made something for you.
(chuckles)
(soft music)
It's beautiful.
Think I will name him...
...Randy.
Uh. it's a good name.
Guess this is the last time
I'm gonna see you.
(music continues)
(Darla) Hold on.
(music fades)
(clicking)
(soul music playing)
- (giggles)
- Mm-hmm.
Okay.
I'm impressed. (chuckles)
(music continues)
His misfortune. our fortune.
You know what to do.
Yeah.
(rock music)
(inaudible)
(soft music)
(church bells ringing)
(sighs) I need to get ready
for church.
Can't you skip it this time?
(bells continue)
As much as I would love to...
...my mom and I
never skip church.
Most of the people in this
town never skip church.
Well. except for Jimmy
and his gang of degenerates.
They usually party
all night Saturday
and sleep all day Sunday.
I guess they're not afraid
of going to hell.
Where I come from...
...they say heaven is
what you make it.
Hell is just what you got
to go through to get it.
(sighs) Yeah. that sounds about
right to me.
(Darla sighs)
(groans)
Take. um...
...Dean Street...
...to the bus station.
It's more discreet.
Whatever you do.
don't miss that bus.
Understood.
You can make it. Unique.
You're a survivor.
(kiss)
(intriguing music)
(Mr. Lindsey) It looked like
that man was beaten to death.
(somber rumbling)
(glass shatters)
(women screaming)
(men shouting echoes)
(church bells ringing)
- (whirring)
- (buzzing)
(male choir vocalizing)
(sighs)
(music continues)
(vocalizing continues)
(somber whirring)
(inaudible dialogue)
(electric whirring)
(knife slashing)
(rapid stabbing)
(sand hissing)
(church bells ringing)
(liquid pouring)
(indistinct chatter)
(man) Preparation.
Preparation is one
of the commandments of God
that was not mentioned
in the original ten
he gave to Moses.
God instructs us to prepare.
The majority
of the ten commandments
tells us what thou shalt not do.
For preparation
is a commandment
that thou shalt do.
As we continue...
...with this subject
of preparation...
...it leads me...
...to Book of Moses.
After he led the children
of Israel out of Egypt.
he had them wander for 40 years
before they could enter
the Promised Land.
(dramatic rumble)
(men snoring)
(man) Thus it is he
who has prepared
to enter the kingdom...
...that shall enter the
kingdom.
He who seeketh. shall find.
He who knocketh...
(crash)
...it shall be opened.
Who the fuck are you--
(grunting)
(groan)
(wet squelch)
(grunting)
(thud)
(bones cracking)
(grunting)
(dramatic music)
- (clock ticking)
- (music fades)
(men snoring)
Rise and shine.
(sock whirling)
(grunting)
(groaning)
(body thuds)
(broken pole thuds)
(whirling)
(grunting)
(patriotic music)
(engine revving)
(man on radio) It is 72 degrees
here in Karensville.
It's a beautiful
Sunday morning.
Now let's hear
some inspirational music
from our boys' choir.
(intense music)
(bong bubbling)
Want a hit?
- (grunts)
- (bones cracking)
(grunting)
(screaming)
- Yeah. motherfucker.
- (man) God!
- I want a hit. motherfucker!
- Aah! Sorry.
(man grunting and screaming)
(grunting)
- (grunts)
- Oh!
- (women screaming)
- (upbeat music)
- (grunting)
- (thuds)
(man groaning)
(grunting)
(man) Fuck you! (grunts)
(man groaning)
- (kick thuds)
- (man groans)
(woman sobs)
(music continues faintly)
(music turns ominous)
(door closes)
(grunting)
(wet squelches)
(groaning)
(both grunt)
(man cries)
(man groans)
- (gasping)
- (wet squelches)
- (indistinct chatter)
- (woman) Oh.
Came to fix a few things.
(metallic thud)
- Oh. Jesus!
- (screams)
(man 2 groaning)
(groaning)
(woman screaming) Jimmy!
- Jimmy. please!
- (Jimmy) Whoa. whoa. whoa.
What? Who?
Some Black guy
is bashing in
their fucking skulls!
(music continues)
Legion. this is not a test.
Everybody wake the fuck up!
We got a fuckin' problem.
(grunting)
(grunts)
Boys. bats!
(Paulie) Come on!
Let's split this nigga's wig!
(grunting)
(groaning)
(men groaning)
(man coughing)
(both grunt)
- You and me.
- (Joneson chuckles)
- Come on.
- (laughs)
(grunting)
(thudding)
God! (grunts)
(coughing)
(in mocking voice)
"Come here. motherfucker."
- (wet squelch)
- (man screaming)
(man gasping)
Stop crying.
- (Jimmy groans)
- (Joneson grunting)
(punches thudding)
(Jimmy) So.
you're the militant nigga
in my town.
I'm Jimmy.
(bat whirling)
(grunting)
- (grunts)
- That's all the fuck you got?
(grunting)
(screaming)
(groaning)
Oh. yeah? Let's fight.
- Oh. sh--
- (gunshot)
(gun clicks)
(gunshots)
(click)
(grunting)
(Joneson pants)
Get the fuck up.
you fucking pussies!
- What the fuck's going on?
- Randy fucking Joneson.
Here.
(cocks gun)
(somber music)
Come the fuck out. boy!
(gunshot)
(dramatic music)
Shit!
Well. that ain't gonna work.
(somber music)
Oh. I. uh...
(clicks tongue) ...hope you feel
at home in there.
Ain't no way out.
(music continues)
The only way out is through me.
So face us.
Your cousin Ramsee did.
(thud)
(heavy breathing)
(Jimmy) Only took one stroke.
Oh. I wish you could
have seen it.
It was a piece of art.
Randy?
Randy...
Get your black ass
out here now.
And finish this.
Come and face us.
We ain't gonna do
nothin' to you...
- (chuckling)
- Except...
...string you up...
...cut your balls off...
...and serve you
to the good doctor.
(eerie rumble)
- (dramatic music)
- Randy!
Stop being a fucking coward!
And come and face me!
(heavy breathing)
(music continues)
Oh. I'm gonna enjoy this.
Randy!
Get the fuck out here. now!
(breathing heavily)
(grunts)
(glass shatters.
liquid splashing)
Randy. you in there?
Nobody lives there anymore.
Huh.
Looks like nobody lives
anywhere around here.
It's Sunday. mister.
everybody's at church.
(Jimmy) Fucking coward!
Face me!
Randy!
- Fuckin' face me!
- Jimmy. Jimmy.
Let me negotiate
with this nigger.
- I'm a trained professional.
- (Jimmy sighs)
(intriguing music)
(kisses)
(deputy) Joneson.
Officer Sporaski here.
- Karensville's finest.
- (chuckling)
Come on out...
...quietly.
(heavy breathing)
(grunts)
- (distant explosion)
- (man) Oh. my God.
- (people gasping)
- Hell. it sounds like
we're under attack
by terrorists.
Come on.
(man 2) Please. just...
It's coming from the Legion.
Boys. come on.
Let's go. Giddyup!
(deputy) Yes. sir.
Take the cruiser. Let's roll.
(music continues)
(panting)
(lighter clicks)
Come on...
This is Deputy Colt.
(indistinct police radio
transmissions. sirens blaring)
(sheriff) Come again?
Sheriff. it's Deputy Colt.
- Can you hear me?
- (indistinct radio transmission)
(sighs) Shit!
(Jimmy over P.A. system)
All hands on deck.
Everybody to
the initiation room.
There's a crazy coon stalkin'
around with explosives.
Hurry!
(ominous music)
You're stupid
for coming here. nigga.
Don't you know you're
in the lion's den?
(Joneson) Yeah. I know
where I'm at.
(thud)
And I came here...
...just to fuck you up!
- (screams)
- (grunting)
(all groaning)
(screaming and grunting)
(thudding)
(man screaming)
(all groaning)
(grunts)
(both grunt)
(Joneson chuckles)
- (screams) Motherfucker.
- (grunts)
(Joneson grunting)
(chuckles)
You pussy ass fuckin' n--
- (grunts)
- (heavy thud)
(grunts)
(panting)
(thudding)
- (kick)
- (man groaning)
Don't move. motherfucker.
(gunshots)
(thud)
- (women whimpering)
- (deputy) Come on. over here!
- (women coughing)
- (man shouts indistinctly)
Get these kids
medical attention!
(man) Take a deep breath.
You're all right.
What you want to do. Sheriff?
Barge in or wait
for the SWAT team?
Oh. call the fire department.
(somber music)
(music turns dramatic)
(metallic thud)
(soft thud)
(deputy Colt groans)
You're under arrest.
(grunting)
- (siren blaring)
- (men shouting indistinctly)
(women whimpering)
Fuck.
(sword clinks)
(grunting)
(punch lands)
- (sword whooshing)
- (grunts)
- (sword clanks)
(sword clanking)
(thud)
(grunting)
(groaning)
(Joneson coughing)
Oh. fuck this shit.
I'm gonna blow
your fuckin' head off.
- (gun clicking)
- (Joneson grunting)
(both grunt)
(punches landing)
(grunting)
(groaning)
(grunts)
Hey. listen.
you might as well come out.
- You're completely surrounded.
- Sheriff?
Sheriff. Officer Beem.
Oh. so you show up
here now.
when your boy done gone
ape shit in my town?
- I'm here to help.
- (sheriff) No.
Not now.
and don't you be thinking
that your boy is gonna be
going back to any one
of your cells. neither.
'cause my boys. they're
gonna make sure that they
shoot him straight to hell!
At the expense
of your son Jimmy's life?
Now. give me the damn bullhorn
so I can talk to him.
(bullhorn feedback)
Randy! Randy Unique Joneson.
This is Officer Beem.
(groans)
(button clicks)
- (microphone feedback)
- Beem.
What are you doing here?
Well. I didn't hear from
you for a while.
so I thought
I'd come check up on you.
Yeah. I've been meaning
to call you. but...
...got a little busy.
I can see you got
your hands full.
Now. Randy... I know you're a
good man.
so why don't you come on out
here so we can talk about it?
We're talking now. man.
This ain't the way.
You're in a lot
of trouble. Unique.
but if you come out now
peacefully...
...there's a chance
you'll see better days.
No. that ain't gonna work
for me. man.
(car horn honks)
(somber music)
(rustling)
(metal clinking)
- We gotta get the story.
- (officer) You can't shoot here.
- No. uh-- we're shooting here.
- (officer) No. Ms. Sanchez--
- I understand.
- We are gonna shoot here.
(officer)
You can't go any further.
This is as far as you can go.
- Ready to go? Two. one.
- Are you ready?
(music continues)
Give me that shag-gargling
bullshit.
(Joneson sighs)
Hey. Wake up.
(cocks gun)
It's loaded now. motherfucker.
You said something about
blowing my head off. right?
Hmm?
Now I'ma blow your head off.
(Jimmy) Don't do it. man.
I don't wanna die
by the hands of a Black man.
I ain't start this shit.
We were standing up for our--
our rights...
...as tax-paying citizens.
(sighs) Paying taxes...
...don't give you
no rights. nigga.
We dragged you monkeys
out the jungles.
and civilized you.
We built this country.
You people walk around
like you have ownership.
This country was built
on the backs of my people.
We slaved.
We gave blood. sweat. and tears
for this shit.
We fought to make
this country great.
I--
I fought
to make this country
what it is.
(Jimmy) Yeah. That's right.
Because God
created your people to serve us.
That's your natural position.
but we. great.
blue-blooded white men...
...gave you freedom.
- Freedom?
- (Jimmy) Yeah.
Freedom...
to roam our beloved country.
And what do you people do. huh?
You just keep asking for more.
Equal rights. equal homes...
...equal pay...
...and equal access
to our women.
Boy. we ain't equal.
You don't have the same value
as a blue-blooded white man.
You ain't spittle
compared to me.
(spits)
So that's why you killed
my cousin. hmm?
That's why you killed Dap?
'Cause you feel like
our lives are worthless?
Yeah.
But your organs
are worth a lot.
I get 100K for a nigga's liver.
I get 150 for a kidney.
and I get 250
for a nigga's heart.
(indistinct) ...Sanchez from...
That's why I killed
those niggers.
Because in this town.
the only valuable nigga
is a dead one.
Well. I just whipped
your ass. white boy.
And it ain't 'cause I'm...
...Black or 'cause I'm better.
It's 'cause I was
better prepared than you.
You know.
I could tell you stories...
True stories...
...to show you the greatness
of a Black man.
But you ain't worth the time.
(music turns dramatic)
Nah.
You know. our-- our forefathers
was right when they said...
...it's self-evident...
...that all men
are created equal.
White man. Red man.
Yellow man. Brown man.
Woman.
And yes...
...Black man.
The only thing
that offsets equality
is timing and circumstance.
And the circumstances that you
and I find ourselves in
right now...
I got the power.
motherfucker.
Mm-hmm.
Yes. me.
I...
...got the power...
...motherfucker.
(grunts)
(gasping)
(indistinct whispering)
(gunshot echoes)
(hip-hop music playing)
(music continues)
(music fades)